Vision and Philosophy

Source and sell high quality garments.
To achieve 100% customer satisfaction. Build company image and equity through timely deliveries, utmost quality and competitive pricing.



Section 1 : Business Profile

Adams Apparel Ltd, is a trading company exporting ready made garments to South America, Europe and the Middle East. Our wholly foreign owned enterprise is based in the cosmopolitan city of Shanghai.

Manoj Arjan Ramchandahi is the sole proprietor of Adams Apparel Ltd. 

He has personally fostered and nurtured his kinship with the choicest factories in China. He has mastered the Chinese business philosophy and looks upon it with great respect and admiration. 

We take pride in our in-dept  knowledge on manufacturing garments enabling us in providing our clients the best quality at the lowest price.

The loyal staff and management of Adams Apparel Ltd understand and foresee trends acrss the world. We aggressively source products for our clients and provide collections and make samples in record time.




Stage 1 : Design and Development

Collection Development and Trend Search

We travel the fashion hot spots to identify the latest fashion trends. We develop those trends and collections with our buyers according to their specific needs.


Our Staff also travel to the cusotmer's local presense
to study the local trends. 

We also often travel to industry fairs to get a deeper understanding of the trends.


Fabric Sourcing, new finishes, Washes:

Constantly working on new fabrics and trims and experiment with new washes and finishes to suit our buyer's styles.





Sampling:

We are involved in aggressive sampling with lesser lead times and best of fabric and trim qualities





Stage 2: Order Confirmation and Merchandising


Good merchandising is the key to successful execution of a customer's request. Every inquiry/order is handled with enthusiasm. Our merchandisers are all experienced professionals, most of them having specific factory experience which enables them to understand the requirements of the customers, as well as the capabilities and limitations of the factories.
The business team is expected to contribute to the customer, not only in terms of communication and follow-up, but also in terms of making a better product which sells well at the point of sale.


Stage 3: Quality Control

We believe in delivering the best quality product to the customer. Dedicated quality control team to ensure the best quality product is being made. AQL 2.5 quality control protocols are adhered. Processes have been laid to teach and ensure factories are upto the level of quality requirements.



Stage 4: Logistics and Payments

Our shipping team ensures that the communication between the forwarder and the various suppliers is smooth and seamless and that correct information is relayed to our buyer's import department. This team is also responsible for making sure that all documentation requirements, such as the requsite forms. L/c condistions etc are met as per the specification.












